DOC-866: Credentials M-N (#2114)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/credentials/medium.md

# Medium credentials

You can use these credentials to authenticate the following nodes:

- [Medium](/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.medium/)

/// warning | Medium API no longer supported

> Medium has stopped supporting the Medium API. These credentials still appear within n8n, but you won't be able to configure new integrations using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medium has stopped supporting the Medium API. These credentials still appear within n8n, but you can't configure new integrations using them.
```
